DOCUMENTATION

To access the pov-mode.info file, start Emacs and type C-u C-h i RET.
This will prompt you for a file: give the pov-mode.info file that you
can find in the pov-mode.el directory. Or install it somewhere in your
INFOPATH and run install-info pov-mode.info dir.

The source of pov-mode.info is in the info directory. So, if you have
a decent TeX installation you can give the command

texi2pdf --clean pov-mode.texi

and print it as pdf. Or 

makeinfo  --html pov-mode.texi

and create a HTML doc directory.
So you can skip the rest of this file and read
the *real* documentation.



INSTALLATION

Step 1: Adding the load-path and auto-mode setup.

Add the following code to your emacs customization file (at
"~/.emacs").

(add-to-list 'load-path "~/john/pov-mode-3.x")
(autoload 'pov-mode "pov-mode" "PoVray scene file mode" t)
(add-to-list 'auto-mode-alist '("\\.pov\\'" . pov-mode))
(add-to-list 'auto-mode-alist '("\\.inc\\'" . pov-mode))

The "~/john/pov-mode-3.x" should be the path to the file
pov-mode.el .

Now, restart emacs.

Now, if you open POV-Ray file (file ending in ".pov"), emacs will
automagically load the pov-mode.

Step 2: Download and install somewhere the InsertMenu directory, I'd
recommend you to unpack it in the same directory of pov-mode.el.
It is possible that <http://www.imagico.de/> has a fresher version.


Step 3: Adding POV-Ray documentation path and include dir path.

Type
    M-x customize-group RET pov RET

Move your cursor to 

    Pov Include Dir

If its value is not correct, enter the correct path.

Now, move your cursor to 

    Pov Documentation Directory

If its value is not correct, enter the correct path.

Move your cursor to 

    Pov Insertmenu Location

If its value is not correct, enter the correct path.

Once you have the correct path, scroll to the top and click the button
"Save for Future Sessions" then click "Finish". Emacs will now create
elisp code in your emacs init file.

Now, restart emacs.

This step tells pov-mode where is your POV-Ray include path so that
you can view a include file in a POV-Ray file by placing your cursor
on the path and type C-c C-c i. And if your cursor is on a keyword,
type C-c C-c h will open its documentation in a browser.

----------------------
CUSTOMIZATION

* If you have a slow computer, you can speed up loading pov-mode by
  byte-compile this package. To byte-compile, type M-x
  byte-compile-file and then enter the path to the pov-mode.el file.

* You can customize the behaviour of pov-mode via typing M-x
  customize-group pov. So, try this!

* You can customize the Insert menu by adding your template file in
  the directory InsertMenu. Simply name your template file in the same
  way other files are named, and use a different number.

For example, suppose myscene_template.txt is your template file, and
you want to add it under the menu "Insert:Scene Template". Rename your
file to "01 - my scene.txt", then place it in the directory
"InsertMenu/00 - Scene templates", then restart emacs. Then, your
scene template file will appear as the first item in the menu
"Insert:Scene Template".

----------------------
FEATURES

To learn about the basics of using pov-mode, open a pov file and press
C-h m.

